*: enrich best practices index and move one doc (#22390)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/_index.md

## Overview

Get started with basic principles and general recommendations for using TiDB effectively.

| Best practice topic | Description |
| ------------------- | ----------- |
| [Use TiDB](/best-practices/tidb-best-practices.md) | A comprehensive overview of best practices for using TiDB. |

## Schema design

Learn best practices for designing schemas in TiDB, including managing DDL operations, choosing primary keys, and designing and maintaining indexes to balance performance, scalability, and maintainability.

| Best practice topic | Description |
| ------------------- | ----------- |
| [Manage DDL](/best-practices/ddl-introduction.md) | Best practices for managing Data Definition Language (DDL) operations in TiDB. |
| [Use UUIDs as Primary Keys](/best-practices/uuid.md) | Best practices for storing and indexing UUIDs (Universally Unique Identifiers) efficiently when using UUIDs as primary keys. |
| [Optimize Multi-Column Indexes](/best-practices/multi-column-index-best-practices.md) | Best practices for designing and using multi-column indexes in TiDB to improve query performance. |

> | [Manage Indexes and Identify Unused Indexes](/best-practices/index-management-best-practices.md) | Best practices for managing and optimizing indexes, identifying and removing unused indexes in TiDB to optimize performance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Manage Indexes and Identify Unused Indexes](/best-practices/index-management-best-practices.md) | Best practices for tracking index usage, identifying and removing unused indexes in TiDB to optimize performance. |
```
